AfriLabs and Konza Technopolis Development Authority (KoTDA) Sign Strategic Collaboration Agreement to Drive Innovation and Ecosystem Growth Across Africa - AfriLabs AfriLabs and Konza Technopolis Development Authority (KoTDA) Sign Strategic Collaboration Agreement to Drive Innovation and Ecosystem Growth Across Africa Nairobi, Kenya | July 18, 2025 – As anticipation builds for the 10th edition of the AfriLabs Annual Gathering (AAG2025), AfriLabs, the largest pan-African network of innovation hubs and Konza Technopolis Development Authority (KoTDA) has signed a strategic Collaboration Agreement to catalyze innovation, foster entrepreneurship, and promote inclusive technology development across Africa. The partnership brings together two powerhouse institutions working at the intersection of innovation, policy, and sustainable development, and will see the two institutions jointly design and implement a broad range of programs and initiatives that support startups, build capacity, accelerate knowledge exchange, and unlock investment opportunities within and beyond Kenya. The AfriLabs Annual Gathering 2025, taking place in Nairobi from October 7–9, will be one of the first major joint initiatives under this agreement, where Konza Technopolis will serve as the Strategic Government Partner. Through this role, Konza will help mobilize national stakeholders, host thematic showcases, and facilitate high-level participation, contributing to the event’s goal of shaping “Africa’s Innovation Future: Policy, Partnerships, and Progress.” Among other key areas outlined in the agreement are: Startup & Innovation Platform Support : Launching tailored soft-landing and mentorship programs for startups, joint venture-building initiatives, and innovation showcases; IP & Commercialization : Supporting innovators in intellectual property registration, technology transfer, and commercialization efforts; R&D and Innovation Challenges : Collaborating on joint research in emerging tech areas including AI, clean tech, health tech, and smart infrastructure; Capacity Building & Talent Development : Offering training, bootcamps, and knowledge exchange for innovators, policymakers, and ecosystem builders; Funding & Investment Access : Connecting Konza-based startups to AfriLabs’ networks, including the Catalytic Africa fund and investor communities; Cross-border Linkages : Facilitating startup exchanges, shared incubation programs, and ecosystem collaboration between Konza and AfriLabs’ hubs in 53 African countries; Smart City Collaboration : Using Konza’s infrastructure as a sandbox for piloting African-led smart city and IoT solutions. Konza Technopolis CEO, John Paul Okwiri adds, “We are proud to be the strategic government partner for the 2025 AfriLabs Annual Gathering in Nairobi. This MoU reflects the commitment of Konza Technopolis in strengthening Africa’s innovation ecosystem and positioning Kenya as a hub for tech-driven growth. We look forward to hosting the continent’s top innovators and fostering meaningful collaboration for a smarter, digital Africa.” “This partnership represents our shared commitment to scaling African innovation through collaborative infrastructure, talent exchange, and knowledge networks. We’re proud to work alongside Konza Technopolis as we expand our mission to empower Africa’s next generation of innovators,” said Anna Ekeledo, Executive Director, AfriLabs. This collaboration marks the beginning of a long-term, multidimensional partnership aimed at building resilient, inclusive innovation ecosystems that respond to Africa’s most pressing challenges and growth opportunities. – ENDS- About Konza Technopolis Konza Technopolis is a flagship Smart City project under Kenya’s Vision 2030, the country’s long-term development blueprint aimed at transforming Kenya into a newly industrializing, middle-income economy. Also known as, Africa’s Silicon Savannah, Konza is a 5,000-acre, master-planned city designed to drive economic growth through science, technology, innovation, and knowledge-based industries. Strategically located 60 kilometres southeast of Nairobi, the city is being developed as a leading Science Park and Area of Innovation with world-class infrastructure and a focus on sustainability and digital transformation where people can live, work and play. Konza Technopolis is envisioned to contribute at least 2% to Kenya’s national GDP, positioning the country as a premier technology and innovation hub on the continent. The Smart City is managed by the Konza Technopolis Development Authority (KoTDA) under the Ministry of Information, Communications and the Digital Economy. Learn more: W: www.konza.go.ke For further enquiries, contact: Marketing & Corporate Communications department E: konza@konza.go.ke About AfriLabs AfriLabs is a leading pan-African network of over 500 innovation and technology hubs across 53 African countries. Established to support the growth of Africa’s innovation and entrepreneurship ecosystem, AfriLabs empowers hubs and their communities by providing capacity-building programs, strategic partnerships, funding opportunities, and advocacy for enabling policy environments. By fostering collaboration among key stakeholders, governments, the private sector, academia, and development partners, AfriLabs is catalyzing sustainable solutions driven by African talent, technology, and innovation. Through its work, AfriLabs plays a pivotal role in accelerating digital transformation, job creation, and inclusive economic growth across the continent. Learn more: W: www.afrilabs.com . For further enquires, contact: E: pr@afrilabs.com & comms@afrilabs.com