AfriLabs at the 79th Session of the United Nations General Assembly - AfriLabs AfriLabs at the 79th Session of the United Nations General Assembly AfriLabs at the 79th session of the United Nations General Assembly As the world convenes in New York for the 2024 United Nations General Assembly (UNGA), AfriLabs will participate in critical discussions on global digital cooperation, sustainable development, and the future of African technology. From September 20th to 27th, our Executive Director, Anna Ekeledo, will represent AfriLabs at high-level events and panel discussions, ensuring that Africa’s voice in innovation, sustainability, and digital transformation is well heard. UNGA is an annual gathering of global leaders, policymakers, and influencers committed to addressing the most pressing challenges of our time. AfriLabs’ presence underscores our dedication to advancing Africa’s innovation ecosystem and fostering meaningful technological progress. Through these dialogues, we seek to strengthen partnerships, advocate for increased investment in African startups, and highlight the vital role of digital solutions in achieving the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). AfriLabs will participate in the Assembly program as follows; Friday, 20th September 2024 Summit of the Future Breakfast: Youth and Digital Compass 8:00 AM – 10:15 AM | Microsoft Office – One Dag Hammarskjöld Plaza, NYC AfriLabs will be present at this exclusive breakfast, where the focus is on empowering youth through digital solutions. As key stakeholders, AfriLabs will contribute to discussions on the future of youth leadership in Africa’s digital economy. Organized by the International Trade Centre (ITC). Broadband Commission for Sustainable Development Annual Fall Meeting 1:00 PM – 4:30 PM | Convene 237 Park Avenue, NYC As a special guest and speaker, Anna Ekeledo will share insights into broadband’s role in scaling Africa’s tech ecosystems. The discussion will center on the transformative impact of internet accessibility and digital inclusion across the continent. Organized by The ITU/UNESCO Broadband Commission for Sustainable Development SDG Digital Welcome Reception and GameChangers Awards Ceremony 6:15 PM – 8:15 PM | United Nations Headquarters, NYC AfriLabs will be a distinguished guest at this reception, honouring global leaders who are driving progress on the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) through digital innovation. This gathering is a celebration of those using technology to tackle climate change, inequality, and poverty, aligning with AfriLabs’ mission, organized by SDG Digital. Saturday, 21st September 2024 SDG Digital: A Digital Future for All 10:30 AM – 5:00 PM | ECOSOC Chamber, United Nations, NYC AfriLabs will join global tech leaders to explore the future of digital transformation for sustainable development. Africa’s role in shaping this future will be a key point of discussion, especially in advancing the SDGs through tech-driven solutions. Session organized by SDG Digital. Digital Cooperation Organisation High-Level Reception 7:00 PM – 10:00 PM | The Pierre, Taj Hotel, NYC AfriLabs will attend this high-level reception to foster partnerships with global digital leaders. This event will be critical in advancing multilateral digital cooperation, with Anna Ekeledo advocating for stronger collaborations that benefit Africa’s startups and tech entrepreneurs. Organized by the Digital Cooperation Organization (DCO). Fostering Multi-stakeholder Global Digital Cooperation for Prosperity 4:00 PM – 5:17 PM | UN Headquarters, NYC Anna will take the stage as a panelist for the discussion on new multi-stakeholder models for digital cooperation. The session will explore innovative ways for public and private sectors to collaborate, with a special focus on Africa’s growing digital ecosystem. This event is organized by the Digital Cooperation Organization (DCO), where AfriLabs holds observer status membership. DCO is dedicated to fostering global digital cooperation to drive inclusive growth in the digital economy. Sunday, 22nd September 2024 The Future of U.S. Global Development 5:00 PM – 7:00 PM | 315 W 35th St, NYC AfriLabs will join key discussions as a guest, exploring the role of the U.S. in global development. The conversation will touch on investment in African startups and the importance of cross-continental partnerships. The session is organized by Unlock Aid and One Campaign. Monday, 23rd September 2024 Open Source AI & Improving Global Language Access 5:30 PM – 7:00 PM | Ivy Terrace, NYC As a guest, AfriLabs will explore how AI can revolutionize language access globally, particularly in African countries with diverse linguistic backgrounds. The conversation will be crucial in shaping AI policies that ensure inclusivity and diversity. This event is organized by Meta, with Anna attending as a guest. It’s also worth noting our recent partnership with Meta, which focuses on supporting AI innovators across Africa. Through this collaboration, we aim to provide resources, mentorship, and platforms for African AI startups, fostering innovation that addresses local challenges while contributing to global advancements in AI technology. Tuesday, 24th September 2024 African Business Stories Roundtable: Funding the Gap – Strategies for African Female Entrepreneurs 9:30 AM – 11:30 AM | Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP, NYC Anna will play a pivotal role as a speaker at the roundtable, highlighting collaboration and partnership strategies to accelerate growth for female entrepreneurs across Africa. Bridging the funding gap and empowering women in tech are central themes. The session is organized by African Business Stories. The Next 3 Billion Summit: Unlocking the Biggest Social and Economic Opportunity of Our Time 9:00 AM – 3:00 PM | The Pierre, A Taj Hotel, New York, 2 E 61st St, New York, NY 10065, USA AfriLabs will participate as a guest at this summit, which is organized by Semafor. The event will explore how the next 3 billion internet users, primarily from emerging markets, represent a significant social and economic opportunity. AfriLabs’ involvement will provide an opportunity to engage with global thought leaders on how Africa’s tech ecosystem can play a pivotal role in unlocking this opportunity by driving innovation, digital inclusion, and economic growth across the continent. Destination 2030 – Nigeria Everywhere @UNGA 6:00 PM | Bathhouse Studios 538 E 11th St New York, NY 10009 Hosted by Destination 2030 – Nigeria Everywhere, an Initiative by Federal Ministry of Arts Culture & Creative Economy, Anna will participate as a guest at this event, which is a Cultural Experience designed to celebrate and showcase the rich and diverse creative industries of Nigeria. This event will highlight various aspects of our vibrant culture, including fashion, music, visual arts, and culinary arts. Wednesday, 25th September 2024 Meet Africa’s Unexplored Tech verticals and what Timbuktoo is doing about it 1:00 PM – 2:30 PM / Convene Space, NYC As founder of the Timbuktoo Africa Innovation Foundation and representing AfriLabs, Anna will attend this event to contribute to discussion on how policies can be crafted to enable the success of tech startups in Africa. With a focus on impactful policies, Timbuktoo & AfriLabs aims to drive home the importance of a robust entrepreneurial ecosystem in Africa. This session is organized by the UNDP. Panel: Timbuktoo @ Unstoppable Africa Panel Two – From Policy to Impact: Creating an Enabling Environment for Tech Startups in Africa 1:50 PM – 2:40 PM | GABI Event, Convene Space Organized by UNDP, AfriLabs will be a panelist at this session, discussing strategies to create an enabling environment for tech startups in Africa. The panel will focus on bridging the gap between policy and impact, highlighting best practices and innovative approaches to support the growth of the tech ecosystem on the continent. The Africa Forward Blueprint: Driving Investment, Innovation, and Jobs 3:00 PM – 3:40 PM | Convene Co-Working Space, NYC Anna will moderate this panel, discussing Africa’s investment landscape and the steps needed to foster innovation and job creation. The session promises to provide actionable insights on how Africa can continue to attract global investors and scale homegrown innovations. This event is organized by Catalyst 2030. Thursday, 26th September 2024 Panel: Africa Accelerates: Tooling Up Our Next Generation of Global TechStars (Timbuktoo Event) 12:00 PM – 12:45 PM | Cipriani 42nd St, 110 E 42nd St, New York, NY 10017, USA Organized by UNDP, this panel will focus on equipping the next generation of African tech innovators to become global leaders in the tech industry. Discussions will center around the tools, resources, and support needed to foster talent and drive innovation across the continent. Anna will attend as a guest. MIPAD Recognition Week: Welcome Reception 6:00 PM – 9:00 PM | Hyatt Grand Central New York, At Grand Central Terminal, 109 E 42nd St, New York, NY 10017, USA Organized by MIPAD, the Most Influential People of African Descent (MIPAD) identifies high achievers of African descent in public and private sectors from all around the world as a progressive network of relevant actors, united in the spirit of recognition, justice, and development of Africa, its people on the continent, and across its Diaspora. Anna will participate as a guest at this event, fostering connections and engaging with leaders from various sectors. Notably, Anna was recognized by MIPAD last year for her outstanding contributions. Harnessing Our Collective Power: Celebrating Leading Black Women of the Diaspora 6:30 PM – 8:00 PM | Goals House, Tavern on the Green, West 67th St, New York, NY 10023 Organized by Goals House, this event will celebrate and honour the achievements of leading Black women in the diaspora, highlighting their contributions to global progress and social change. Anna will attend as a guest, joining a powerful gathering of influential leaders to discuss the importance of collective power and collaboration. Friday, 27th September 2024 MIPAD Recognition and Awards Ceremony 2024 12:00 PM | Hyatt Grand Central New York, At Grand Central Terminal, 109 E 42nd St, New York, NY 10017, USA Organized by MIPAD, this prestigious awards ceremony will honour exceptional individuals of African descent who have made significant contributions across various fields globally. The event will celebrate their achievements, fostering recognition and unity within the diaspora. AfriLabs will be a guest at the ceremony. AfriLabs’ participation at UNGA79 underscores its commitment to positioning Africa as a leader in digital innovation, sustainability, and economic growth. Through engagements at high-level events and strategic panels, AfriLabs will continue to champion Africa’s digital future while forging meaningful global partnerships. Stay tuned as AfriLabs drives the conversations that matter most for Africa’s tech ecosystem at UNGA79. #AfriLabs #UNGA79 #DigitalInnovation #AfricaRising #TechForGood #SDGs Note from Our Executive Director “As we prepare for this year’s United Nations General Assembly, I am excited by the opportunities it presents for meaningful dialogue and collaboration. UNGA provides a unique platform to connect with global leaders, innovators, and change-makers who share our vision of advancing Africa’s innovation ecosystem, and positioning our potential for sustainability and digital transformation. If you’re attending UNGA and are interested in exploring potential partnerships, or simply exchanging ideas on our mission at AfriLabs, I’d love to connect. Please feel free to reach out—whether it’s for a casual chat or a deeper discussion on how we can create a positive impact together. Additionally, we welcome interviews and conversations with members of the press to discuss our work at AfriLabs. For any media inquiries, please contact our Strategic Communications & Public Relations Manager, Millie Abila at [millicent@afrilabs.com]. I look forward to connecting with you in New York!” Warm regards, Anna Ekeledo, Executive Director, AfriLabs Tagged AfriLabs , United Nations General Assembly