BUILDING A THRIVING 
INNOVATION ECONOMY
SETTING AFRICA UP FOR SUCCESS
Building A Thriving Innovation Economy
1.	 Foreword
2.	 Executive Summary
3.	 Overview of AfriLabs
4.	 Our First Decade - Continental influence and 
key learnings
5.	 Our Context - The world in which we work
6.	 The Africa We Want
7.	 Our Theory of Change
8.	 Building Ideal Innovation Hubs for Africa
9.	 Our Strategic Pillars
10.	The Risks
11.	 Conclusion
TABLE OF 
CONTENTS
Building A Thriving Innovation Economy
ECOSYSTEM is a dynamic framework consisting of a set of stakeholders - 
startups, hubs, innovators, entrepreneurs, investors, academic institutions, 
public institutions, corporations - who interact and engage with each 
other to seize new opportunities, support innovation and strengthen the 
overall business environment for entities at different stages, sectors, and 
geographical locations. 
INNOVATION HUB is a centre for learning, ideas, co-creation and community 
that nurtures innovative ideas and market disruption, and supports creative 
ways of solving problems through offering on-the ground support across 
the entirety of the start-up lifecycle. Innovation hubs also offer support to 
other ecosystem members through training, opportunities for joint projects, 
career development and data resources.
INNOVATOR is an individual who creates new ideas, methods or products. 
Innovators can be found in various environments and industries, and across 
ecosystem communities.
ENTREPRENEUR is an individual who works to create a business model 
around specific products or services with the aim of creating value for 
customers and making profits.
START-UP is a company in its first stages of operation searching for a 
repeatable and scalable business model.
KEY DEFINITIONS
KEY DEFINITIONS
KEY DEFINITIONS
Building A Thriving Innovation Economy
I 
am excited to present to you our 2021-2031 strategic document, 
“Building A Thriving Innovation Economy - Setting Africa up 
for Success.” This document presents our stories, our learnings 
and successes and our aspirations. It shares the goals we have set 
for ourselves to ensure that Africa realises her potential to be a 
global leader of innovation.
The past year, leading up to our 10th Anniversary, has been an 
exciting journey for the AfriLabs team. We have had honest 
conversations that have helped us take stock of our last decade 
of operation. It has been an exciting ride! We have experienced 
tremendous growth as a team and as a community, and we have 
been impacted positively by great partnerships along the way. We 
have also seen the immense resilience of our community, as we 
battled with the negative effects of a global pandemic, overcoming and shining through with increased 
innovativeness, community support for each other and a collaboration towards a common cause. 
We have used the last few months to zoom out so to speak, and really figure out what role we play 
in this vibrant African innovation ecosystem. We have come out with more clarity of purpose, which 
makes our work even more exciting. Our mission, and our vision redefined two years ago continue to 
guide our work, and this year the team has collaboratively developed the values that will enable us to 
have the kind of impact we want AfriLabs to drive. The strategic themes attest to our commitment to 
achieve excellence through our core functions of creation, dissemination,exchange of knowledge, and 
distribution of resources to innovators and entrepreneurs as well as our duty to engage the AfriLabs 
community and stakeholders.
FORE
WORD 
-Anna Ekeledo, Executive Director
Building A Thriving Innovation Economy
We have defined four strategic pillars which capture our priorities for the next ten years - supporting 
sustainability of hubs, catalysing innovation-friendly policies, building a body of innovation knowledge 
and building our internal capacity.
One of the resounding themes that came out over the course of our team, community and partner 
conversations was the need for contextualisation. We are excited to explore what it means to run a 
relevant, high impact sustainable hub in Africa, and support new and existing hubs to do so. 
The last few years have seen the introduction of startup policies, innovation policies, data policies and 
so on, across the continent. There is a role for the AfriLabs community and our partners to ensure that 
these policies favour innovation and that they are implemented as intended. Our efforts to catalyse the 
innovation economy are for nought if we do not ensure that existing and proposed policies support that 
innovation. 
We recognise the need for open data. We want to collaborate with the entire African Innovation ecosystem 
to curate a knowledge base for the continent, as well as create a framework for other stakeholders to do 
the same. Our dream is that all innovators, entrepreneurs and their support systems will contribute and 
benefit from this ambitious goal. 
Finally, we recognise that we need to strengthen our internal capacity to better position ourselves to 
tackle the task ahead. Building a thriving innovation economy is a mammoth task that requires us to have 
the right processes, right team and right resources. 
We are excited that our partners from across the continent and the rest of the world have already begun 
working with us to realise our four core priorities, which align with their own missions and we invite more 
partners to sign on. We would love to have you. 
Building A Thriving 
Innovation Economy 
- Setting Africa up for 
Success.
Building A Thriving Innovation Economy
O
ur strategy design process has been 
an extremely fulfilling experience. We 
have had consultative sessions with our 
community that have taken the form of needs 
assessments, listening tours, feedback surveys 
and roundtables. These have helped us to better 
understand, articulate and address the needs of our 
community. 
We have also spoken to several friends and partners 
of AfriLabs to understand their impressions and 
expectations for our network. These conversations 
have challenged us, validated us and given us more 
clarity on our partner engagement efforts and our 
positioning in the African innovation ecosystem. 
We have had several internal co-creation sessions 
as well as a major organisational audit. Through 
these sessions we have defined our core AfriLabs 
personas, clarified our purpose and defined our 
organisational values. Having taken stock and 
spoken to multiple stakeholders, we have identified 
needs we are uniquely positioned to address. 
We have also found points of convergence and 
opportunities for collaboration and we are now 
well on our way to delivering an end to end value 
chain for innovators and entrepreneurs across 
the continent. Our 2021-2031 strategy, “Building A 
Thriving Innovation Economy - Setting Africa up 
for Success” is our roadmap to do this conclusively 
and these identified needs, points of convergence 
and opportunities for collaboration have formed the 
foundation for our strategy. 
The strategy begins by taking stock of the last 10 
years and surfacing lessons learnt. The rest of the 
document seeks to borrow from these lessons to 
Executive Summary
-Nekesa Were, Director of Strategy
propose iterations to the way that we work. For 
example, lack of impact data is highlighted as an 
area to be addressed and is incorporated into all 
our strategic priorities through plans for constant 
monitoring and evaluation as well as plans to use 
this data to represent evidence and learning for the 
ecosystem. 
Having highlighted our experiences, the document 
moves on to describe the context in which we work, 
highlighting youth related data and the benefit 
to Africa if we harness it well. The document also 
explores different players and the work they do 
highlighting our disjointedness and making a case 
for the whole being greater than the sum of its parts.
The strategy moves on to vision cast, listing our 
community aspirations which are aligned with 
Building A Thriving Innovation Economy
the African Union’s Agenda 2063 - The Africa 
We Want. The chapter is a clarion call for shared 
vision and shared impact. AfriLabs has admittedly 
not broadcast its intended and actual impact as 
widely as it could have. We begin this process by 
presenting a working theory of change to articulate 
our intended impact and associated pathways.
This work begins to demystify the impact of AfriLabs 
and the role and impact of African innovation 
hubs. We consider our member hubs as the 
primary channel for impacting innovation in local 
communities. This leads us to a working definition 
of ideal African innovation hubs, challenging the 
contextualisation of our structures, program design 
and delivery and motivation for setting up hubs in 
our communities. 
We intend for this to trigger a conversation on the 
need for hubs, involvement and leadership from 
local communities in setting up African hubs, the 
meaning of and possibility of sustainability for 
African hubs, and of course the impact of African 
hubs.
Having laid down the foundation through our 
learnings and aspirations, and having positioned 
African hubs as key to a thriving innovation 
economy, we then move to our strategic pillars and 
present our key activities to ensure that we have a 
sound internal structure, offer maximum support 
to hubs, influence innovation policies and curate 
key evidence and learnings to support data driven 
growth of the African innovation ecosystem.
At the core of our way of working is collaboration. 
Partners and community members can rest assured 
that even as our goals and scope become more 
ambitious, our DNA remains the same. Co-creation, 
community, localisation and inclusion will continue 
to be guiding principles for our approach to 
engagement at all levels.
Building A Thriving Innovation Economy
Overview 
Of AfriLabs
A
friLabs is a network of over 300 innovation hubs in over 50 countries across Africa. AfriLabs was 
founded in 2011 with a desire to build a community, united by a common vision for excellence 
in Africa, around rapidly emerging innovation hubs - spaces that serve as centres of excellence 
and physical nexus points for entrepreneurs, innovators, technologists, and investors. 
AfriLabs is working through these spaces to build innovation champions, innovation culture and 
innovation infrastructure that will encourage the growth of Africa’s knowledge economy by supporting 
the development of companies and sectors through technology, and indigenous innovation. 
AfriLabs also serves as a landing pad for organisations and people wanting to invest in the continent. 
AfriLabs aims to provide a model for African innovation, entrepreneurship and collaboration. The network 
is easily accessible to leaders of innovation hubs, and the communities they serve, as a place where they 
learn from each other and connect easily.
Our mission is to support innovation hubs and their communities to raise 
high potential entrepreneurs that will stimulate economic growth and social 
development in Africa. We achieve this through capacity building, financing, 
networking, policy advocacy, and providing insightful, reliable data.
AfriLabs Mission
Our vision is a thriving innovation economy in Africa, driven by the power of our 
community.
AfriLabs Vision
Building A Thriving Innovation Economy
Afrilabs Values
UBUNTU
We believe in shared experience and collaboration. Our work is made possible and better through 
the strength of our community and partners, and our combined desire to see a thriving innovation 
economy in Africa driven by the power of our community. Our impact is only felt because it 
feeds into the impact of those we work with. We participate where we can make a significant 
contribution.
WE EXPERIMENT AND WE ARE CURIOUS
We relentlessly try and test solutions in a quest to serve our ecosystem better. Many times we 
succeed, but sometimes we fail. When we fail, we learn and move forward with an evidence base 
that makes us better.
WE ARE PAN AFRICAN
We are dedicated to the dignity of the people of Africa on the African continent and in the 
diaspora. Our primary interest is in the prosperity of our people. Our reach is far and wide. We are 
working towards an Africa whose leadership, resources and resilience work towards a flourishing 
continent and economically empowered citizens.
OUR HUBS COME FIRST
If it does not work for our community we won’t do it. Our community is at the heart of everything 
we do. The way we work, the people and organisations we interact with and the programs we 
design are all primarily to strengthen the communities in our innovation hubs.
WE DO THE RIGHT THING
We are committed to achieving our mission by always doing the right thing. We believe that by 
infusing professionalism, excellence, transparency and integrity into all our offerings, we ensure 
high quality products and services, attract the right talent and impact society with the right 
organisations.
EVERYONE IS WELCOME
We believe that great ideas can come from anywhere. We pride ourselves in being a neutral 
space that serves as a nexus point for all technology, innovation and entrepreneurship ecosystem 
members like governments, development agencies, academic institutions, entrepreneurs and 
investors to interact directly with innovation hubs. 
We believe that it is only in ensuring inclusion and diversity that we build an ecosystem that will 
be the foundation on which Africa develops to be the global powerhouse we want her to be. We 
will excel without discrimination of any kind.
Building A Thriving Innovation Economy
WE ENSURE GENDER EQUALITY
AfriLabs recognises that development cannot be achieved in Africa without gender equality. As 
such, we will ensure adherence to principles and international standards of gender equality and 
parity in its operations and practices as well as in the programmes we implement.
WE DRIVE IMPACT
While putting our hubs first and embracing an open innovation culture, we work to ensure that 
our work is measurable and drives change at scale. If we impact our hubs positively then they 
impact their innovators positively and these innovators impact their communities. Our work only 
means as much as the positive change it drives.	
WE ARE A COMMUNITY
We are a well curated membership organisation connected by our unflinching vision for 
economically and socially empowered communities and countries.	
Building A Thriving Innovation Economy
Our First 
Decade 
-Continental Influence and key learnings 2011 - 2021
There was an air of excitement and uncertainty in 
the late 2000’s when Africa began to see the rise of 
independent innovation hubs. The African continent 
had begun to truly embrace digitalisation for 
efficiency and economic growth and with this came 
the beginning of democratisation of innovation. 
More Africans were venturing to innovate at scale 
outside of government agencies, universities and 
corporates. The concept of independent innovation 
hubs was relatively new in the African context and 
the few spaces that had succeeded in launching and 
beginning to grow communities naturally gravitated 
towards each other. 
Early innovation hub founders will tell stories 
of finding each other, working to define for 
themselves this concept of innovation communities, 
understanding the local context and perhaps being 
overwhelmed by the opportunity that growth of 
the hubs presented. While there was still a lot of 
learning to do, what became apparent quickly was 
Exciting beginnings
the need to share experience and collaboratively 
design innovation communities across Africa.
AfriLabs was founded to give innovation hubs an 
efficient avenue to share what worked and what 
didn’t work in innovation communities across Africa, 
to document the journeys of innovation hubs and to 
get smarter faster with regard to understanding and 
supporting local ecosystems.
Building A Thriving Innovation Economy
AfriLabs found a base in Abuja, Nigeria in 2016 and 
the secretariat has grown from a team of one to a 
team of over thirty with team members spread 
across three countries - Nigeria, Kenya, Ghana, and 
growing.
The AfriLabs community has grown exponentially in 
the last 10 years, from 5 centres in 2011 to over 300 in 
2022. AfriLabs hub members together support over 
one million innovators across the African continent 
who are solving the continent’s most pressing issues. 
The AfriLabs Annual Gatherings previously hosted in 
Berlin, on the margins of an international conference, 
are now held across the African continent and by 
Innovation 
hubs 
quickly 
began 
to 
see 
skill 
development as a vital component to their success 
and over the years have focused on learning and then 
teaching principles of program design and delivery, 
partnership development, leadership, fundraising 
and relationship building between innovators and 
investors. 2 
Models for hub sustainability and technology 
skills continue to be pain points for hubs across 
Africa with only 18% of AfriLabs hubs reporting 
financial sustainability, 30% breaking even and 
52% not financially sustainable in 2020. 54% of hub 
staff members had low levels of experience in key 
business skills, including finance management, 
marketing, communication, and technology. 3 
At a secretariat level we could see the impact 
our work had but we struggled to quantify it. For 
example, while we knew hubs were benefiting from 
the community we fostered and that being part of 
Growth of community, acceleration and an explosion of 
opportunity
Surfacing of fundamental challenges
end of 2021 had been held in Ghana, Egypt, Tanzania, 
Ethiopia 
and 
Nigeria. The 
gatherings 
attract 
thousands of registrations and offer an opportunity 
for the AfriLabs community of innovators to network 
and co-create with other members of the ecosystem 
from host government agencies to corporates and 
local universities.
AfriLabs innovation hubs are increasingly finding 
their niche with many building and implementing 
sector-specific programs. In 2020, about 50% of 
surveyeWd AfriLabs member hubs were focusing 
on education programs while just under 40% were 
focused on agriculture, artificial intelligence and 
financial services. 1 
the network amplified individual and collective work 
of our members because they told us, we had not 
collected the data and processed the evidence to 
share this impact publicly and convincingly.
In our formative years, because of pressure on 
finances and a rapidly changing African innovation 
ecosystem, we were unable to develop long term 
recurrent programs for our community and relied on 
short term partnerships, and on organic growth and 
interaction of the community. 
While we began to experience an increase in 
innovation positive conversations and actions 
from international, national, regional and local 
organizations, and also from innovation hubs and 
other innovation communities, the disjointedness 
was palpable which translated to replication of a lot 
work, restricted access to data and learnings, and a 
perceived battle for resources.
 
Building A Thriving Innovation Economy
Over the last 5 years, AfriLabs has created a strong community of members, friends, partners and clients and 
together with them has delivered programs, projects and other interventions, whose impact we are now 
beginning to see and measure across participating hubs and startups.
The AfriLabs Capacity Building Program is strengthening hubs to better equip them to nurture successful 
African startups 4. The EdTech Hub used evidence based solutions to disrupt how technology is used in the 
education space 5. Rollo Africa is a simulator program that is inspiring and supporting small African enterprises 
facing challenges after the COVID-19 outbreak to manage and operate in a competitive environment within 
different market outlooks, in a risk free environment 6. The Catalytic Africa program is our African startup 
matching fund in collaboration with ABAN (African Business Angels Network), which aims to strengthen 
African startups, African hubs and angel investors while delivering impact results to institutional funders 7.
1https://static1.squarespace.com/static/5ab2a4d655b02c29746fc58c/t/5db6ec5fc494f4106d71
3e26/1572269613096/4.0_AfriLabs_REPORT+FINAL-compressed.pdf
2https://www.AfriLabs.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/04/NEEDS-ASSESSMENT-REPORT-2.pdf
3https://www.AfriLabs.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/04/NEEDS-ASSESSMENT-REPORT-2.pdf
4https://www.afrilabs-capacity.com/
5https://edtechhub.org/
6https://rolloafrica.com/
7https://catalytic-africa.com/
Building solutions
Building A Thriving Innovation Economy
Our 
Context 
-The World In Which We Work 
According to the United Nations World Population 
Prospects 2019, Africa is expected to double its 
population to nearly 2.4 billion people by 2050 with 
about half of that being people under 25 years of 
age. Nine countries will make up more than half the 
global projected population growth between now 
and 2050 with 5 of these countries being in Africa: 
Nigeria, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ethiopia, 
the United Republic of Tanzania, and Egypt. 
Africa’s young and increasingly educated population 
is another asset for accelerating the continent’s 
digital transformation 8. The number of Africans 
aged 15 to 29 with an upper secondary or tertiary 
education has risen from 47 million in 2010 to 77 
million in 2020. Progress is most notable in North 
Africa, where 47% of the youth have at least an upper 
secondary 
education. 
Under 
business-as-usual 
scenarios, this number will increase to 165 million 
by 2040. In relative terms, the proportion of African 
youth completing an upper secondary or te rtiary 
education could reach 34% by 2040, close to the 
proportion in Asia and up from 23% today. If African 
countries follow the same trajectory as projected for 
Korea in a fast-track scenario, this proportion could 
even reach 73% (233 million) by 2040.
These encouraging statistics come with a warning. 
Despite the increasingly educated population, 
the African continent is facing massive youth 
unemployment and under-employment indicating 
that we are already facing major challenges in 
absorbing youth into the job market. Our population 
is growing faster than we can create jobs. The 
African Development Bank has stressed the need for 
urgent measures to match the continent’s growing 
population and youth unemployment, which they 
likened to a “ticking time bomb.”
Building A Thriving Innovation Economy
It is important to note that Africa’s wealth is not 
just in a youthful workforce but in the fact that this 
generation has within it innate innovators, forward 
thinkers and doers, open minded, curious youth 
whose imaginations, hunger for solutions and ability 
to create must be harnessed and encouraged.
Africa’s innovators and entrepreneurs continue to 
show their capacity to innovate world class products 
and services and build world class businesses. 
Acquisitions, taking companies public, successful 
fund raises, improved livelihoods, digitalisation across 
African entities, demand for skill and knowledge, 
regional and Pan African scale of businesses and 
steady increase of local funders for local businesses 
is a testament to the fact that the African innovation 
ecosystem is ready for a new wave of exponential 
growth.
According to the African Development Bank, 
Africa has made great progress in improving her 
infrastructure. Projections of electrification rates 
suggest a steady rising trend to about 70% in 2040 
providing access to 800 million more people. At the 
current trajectory, broadband coverage in Africa will 
likely reach 99% by 2060. 9
To take advantage of these encouraging trends, we 
must jointly develop and implement a strategy that 
will enable more Africans to earn an adequate living 
wage that allows them to live a life of dignity. We 
must create and support opportunities for Africans 
to continue to develop the necessary skills to take 
advantage of and actively support the improvement 
of infrastructure that serves as the backbone 
of scalable solutions for Africa built by African 
innovators. 
We must create enabling environments, enabling 
policies and demand enabling leadership that gives 
innovators the space they need to innovate. We 
must adopt a holistic approach to deliver sustainable 
broadband by ensuring connectivity,digital literacy, 
content infrastructure, increased access to funding 
data protection and privacy, cyber security and 
gender equality 10.
The last twenty years have shown us what Africans 
can do with less than adequate connectivity, minimal 
infrastructure and a disabling policy environment. 
Imagine what the next twenty will bring if we work 
actively to improve these factors! 
AfriLabs is committed to supporting a broad 
range of strategies that can make this a reality. 
For example, creating communities of innovation 
where ideas and people are nurtured to build lasting 
solutions with no discrimination, and working with 
regional, national, and sub-national governments 
and networks to create and maintain a framework 
of laws and infrastructure that encourages economic 
activity for job making and innovation organisations 
to perform optimally. AfriLabs is also committed to 
supporting the growth of the community of African 
funders. As skills and infrastructure improve, there is 
more opportunity for investable innovation.
8Africa’s Development Dynamics 2021, https://au.int/sites/default/files/documents/39862-doc-africadd_2020_en_web.pdf
9https://www.afdb.org/en/knowledge/publications/tracking-africa%E2%80%99s-progress-in-figures/infrastructure-
development#:~:text=Infrastructure%20development%20is%20a%20key,productivity%20and%20sustainable%20economic%20
growth.&text=Investment%20in%20infrastructure%20accounts%20for,potential%20to%20achieve%20even%20more.
10https://smartafrica.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/SMART-BROADBAND-2025-Layout.pdf
Building A Thriving Innovation Economy
THE AFRICA
WE WANT 
For decades, African innovation has been rooted in 
the needs of communities. It has been empathetic, 
aspirational and futuristic, created by innovators who 
yearn for more for themselves and their communities. 
These innovators have constantly challenged the 
status quo working to prove their ability and that of 
fellow African innovators to build solutions for Africa 
that the world can use.
While innovators continue to push boundaries 
building the Africa they want and creating the 
dignified lives that they aspire to for themselves 
and others, other elements are required that 
acknowledge the strides innovators have made 
and work to provide the wind under the sails that 
innovators need to continue their work at scale.
The AfriLabs Strategy for 2021–2031 seeks to 
ensure that innovators remain at the forefront 
of conversations and considerations for parties 
working towards dignified lives for Africans. The 
strategy is aligned with the aspirations of the entire 
African continent as articulated in the Africa Union’s, 
“Agenda 2063: The Africa We Want”. AfriLabs 
envisions a moment when all governments across 
Africa create and implement enabling policies that 
ensure support of ideas, startups, small businesses, 
inclusive opportunities, fair taxes and eliminate all 
barriers to trade. Decent jobs in strong businesses, 
supported by progessive policies, are not just a 
means to an end. Business, policy and infrastructure 
cannot thrive in isolation, they serve a greater 
purpose as captured in the African Union’s, seven 
core aspirations 11:
1.	
A prosperous Africa based on inclusive growth 
and sustainable development
2.	
An integrated continent, politically united and 
based on the ideals of Pan-Africanism and the 
vision of Africa’s Renaissance
3.	
An Africa of good governance, democracy, 
respect for human rights, justice and the rule of 
law
4.	
 A peaceful and secure Africa
5.	
An Africa with a strong cultural identity, common 
heritage, shared values and ethics
6.	
An Africa, whose development is people-driven, 
relying on the potential of African people, 
especially its women and youth, and caring for 
children.
7.	
Africa as a strong, united, resilient and influential 
global player and partner. 
AfriLabs Strategy 2021 - 2031 embraces these 
aspirations as the vision for what Africa can and 
should be. The innovation and entrepreneurship 
community across the continent has embraced 
an open, collaborative, and inclusive approach to 
problem solving that is particularly well suited to 
tackle complex, long term, problems that the AU 
aims to solve. 
11 https://au.int/en/agenda2063/aspirations
Building A Thriving Innovation Economy
For Agenda 2063 to be successful we will all 
have to work together on solving the biggest 
challenges in our society such as providing 
quality health care for all, quality education 
for all, decent standards of living for all, in 
societies where human rights are respected and 
protected. In order for Africa to have a robust, 
innovative private sector, we have to engage in 
all thematic areas. 
AfriLabs envisions an efficient African health 
system that provides the entire population with 
access to good quality services (prevention, 
promotion, 
treatment, 
rehabilitation 
and 
palliative care), health workers, medicines 
and technologies with a financing system to 
protect people from financial hardship and 
impoverishment from health care costs.
AfriLabs envisions an Africa where education 
is a human right and a force for sustainable 
development and peace. Where education 
empowers people with the knowledge, skills 
and values to live in dignity, build their lives and 
contribute to their societies.
AfriLabs envisions an Africa anchored by the 
spirit of Pan Africanism where the vastness 
and variety across Africa is a foundation upon 
which we can build a society of accountable 
leadership and transformative social change 
that will address Africa’s social and economic 
challenges and meet the needs of Africa’s 
dynamic population. 
We envision an Africa where solidarity amongst 
Africans positively influences the progress of 
the communities and societies of which they are 
a part. An Africa where all Africans live dignified 
lives supported by well-designed, evidence-
based, policy designed to reduce poverty and 
increase employment, gender equality, child 
protection and improvements in health and 
education outcomes. 
AfriLabs envisions an Africa where citizens 
are encouraged and engaged in providing 
solutions for the challenges in their community. 
This engagement is informed, inspired, and 
supported by a vibrant civil society which 
governments and the community see as an 
essential building block of development and 
national cohesion.
AfriLabs envisions an Africa where regional, 
national, and sub-national governments shall 
have a universal culture of good governance, 
democratic values, gender equality, and respect 
for human rights, justice and the rule of law. 
Governments that are capable of building well 
and building smart to ensure that the right 
policies and infrastructure are in place at the right 
time, meeting the right needs. Governments 
that promote and do not stifle innovation, that 
manage volatile political seasons and respect 
citizens democratic rights to expression on 
digital platforms at all times.
AfriLabs envisions an Africa where great 
innovative ideas are funded on merit, based 
on their applicability and impact. Where 
African funders and funding organisations are 
champions for investment in local solutions 
and invested in the growth and development 
of Africa’s innovators and their local innovation 
ecosystems.
We imagine an Africa where we all did in 
practice what we have committed to do on 
paper: from individuals to local communities to 
academic institutions, to civil society to funders 
to governments. If we did, then Agenda 2063 
might be achieved long before 2063 catalysed 
by Africa’s own entrepreneurs and innovators. 
It is these innovators and entrepreneurs who 
are the core beneficiaries of the work that the 
AfriLabs community does. 
Building A Thriving Innovation Economy
The AfriLabs 
Theory of Change
AfriLabs believes that supporting the development 
of a pan-African infrastructure for indigenous 
technology innovation and knowledge creation—
with hubs serving as centres of excellence—enables 
Africa to participate in the global knowledge and 
innovation marketplace, thereby stimulating its 
economic growth.
We believe that innovation comes in all forms from 
successful startups to talented and experienced 
content creators, to skilled workforces armed with 
a mindset for challenging barriers and creating 
opportunities to empowered communities that have 
the ability and capacity to identify their challenges 
and define and develop solutions that work for them. 
We also believe that innovators can be found 
everywhere from governments and other public 
institutions 
to 
corporates, 
civil 
society 
and 
corporates, academic institutions, hubs, community 
centres, cities, towns and villages.
Our purpose at AfriLabs is to form/build/enable/
strengthen a catalyst that creates opportunities 
for communities across Africa to find and build 
innovation, and develop channels for deploying this 
innovation that work for them. This catalyst is the 
innovation hubs we serve.
This is what rang true when AfriLabs was founded, 
and what still rings true today. If we do not strengthen 
the hubs, then the infrastructure on which innovation 
is built to support local communities to build market 
relevant solutions is unstable and will not withstand 
the test of time, political seasons, partner goodwill 
and ever changing needs of those communities.
Where the hubs work as they should, sustainable 
businesses are built and successful entrepreneurs 
are 
nurtured, 
innovation 
and 
entrepreneurial 
mindsets are adopted across the ecosystem and 
there is evidence of improved standards of living 
in local communities where the hubs are based. 
This evidence, we argue, encourages and supports 
relevant, enabling policies and other interventions 
from other stakeholders and ultimately leads to 
better more inclusive governance and sustainable 
economic development.
Building A Thriving Innovation Economy
BUILDING 
THE IDEAL 
AFRICAN 
INNOVATION 
HUB
Building A Thriving Innovation Economy
Africa is the most diverse continent on the planet. 
Africans and those of African descent are the most 
genetically diverse among all racial groups. There 
are at least 3000 ethnic groups and 2000 languages 
spoken in Africa. Africa is the second largest continent 
in the world, by land and population. Africa is made 
up of 55 countries with diverse climates, politics, 
religions, business environment and innovation 
cultures. 
Since inception, we have made a practice of 
constantly working with our community of hubs, 
friends and partners to understand their priority 
areas and pain points, and where these align with 
focus areas for AfriLabs and our members. The 
primary role of innovation hubs is to catalyse and 
sustain an ecosystem that supports communities to 
learn, build, guide each other, innovate and deploy 
solutions. How these ecosystems form and function 
may vary depending on the country, political 
environment, geographical location and so on. What 
is right for Niger may not work in Namibia; what 
is right for Nairobi may not be right for Kakamega 
even though both are in Kenya and only seven hours 
apart by road.
AfriLabs turning 10 presents the perfect time to 
work with our hubs to re-evaluate models, collect 
data and make informed decisions on the type of 
hubs that will work and provide the biggest positive 
impact across the African continent. This may call for 
going back to basics and creating hubs as meeting 
points, conveners, teachers and community builders. 
It may call on us to redefine the hub success matrix 
and develop our own standards for expectations of 
African hubs based on what our diverse innovation 
communities needs are. It may call for increasing 
the capacity of hubs to support scientific and 
engineering challenges. Different hubs in different 
ecosystems will require different types of support.
What will likely be similar for innovation communities 
regardless where they are located or what the socio-
political climate is, is a desire for relevance, a desire for 
efficiency, a desire for opportunity, a desire to create 
or identify new markets for solutions. Innovation 
hubs continue to be well positioned to offer these.
Each innovation community will have to determine 
the ideal structure for the innovation ecosystem 
they are building. AfriLabs role will be to provide 
best practices from our Research, Evidence and 
Learning, that will set new ecosystems on the path 
towards delivering effective programming and 
transformative impact. 
In this way, AfriLabs continues to fulfil its purpose to 
form, build, enable and strengthen hubs as catalytic 
agents that create opportunities for communities 
across Africa to find and build innovation and skill, 
and develop channels for deploying this innovation 
and skill in ways that work for them including 
entrepreneurship, public office, civic engagement, 
academics and so on.
In re-evaluating African hubs, we will consider 
personas of different users, different funders, 
and different beneficiaries. We will also consider 
specialisations based on geographical location and 
needs of local communities as well as needs of 
specific demographics within those communities.
Our efforts to re-evaluate African hubs will also 
interrogate 
acceptable 
evaluation 
matrices 
to 
consider when defining impact and success of hubs, 
and the effect of these hubs on their communities.
In doing this we intend to collectively, with friends, 
partners, hubs, innovators and entrepreneurs, 
determine the standards by which we will hold 
ourselves accountable as African hubs working 
towards the Africa we want.
Our hubs have had an incredible impact in the 
communities they serve. We have certainly seen 
this in the media and in the individual hub impact 
reports. We have heard the stories of Africa rising. 
The hubs and their communities are the heroes 
Building A Thriving Innovation Economy
of these stories. But we need to understand more 
deeply what we mean by Africa rising. We need to 
make sure that we do not mistake hype for reality; 
we do not mistake hope for achievement12.
Who has set our measures of our success and are 
these measures an honest reflection of the impact 
of hubs and their communities and the situation on 
the ground? Is it time to redefine this success? For 
example, while exits, investments and acquisitions 
are huge wins that we want to have or hear about 
in Africa, do hubs and their communities do more 
that would qualify as success? We need to begin to 
celebrate more of our innovators who are building 
solutions that are transforming Africa whether they 
are elusive Unicorns or the numerous Zebras. African 
hubs have countless stories to tell.
In redefining our measure of success, we begin 
to nurture even more hubs who understand the 
potential of Africa and want to do their part to help 
Africa realise its dream of prosperity. We grow more 
hubs who understand the potential of Africa’s youth 
force, who understand the potential that exists in an 
Africa with great infrastructure and want to innovate 
to build that infrastructure or want to innovate for an 
Africa in which that infrastructure exists. 
AfriLabs will redefine this success and realise this 
success by increasing the value of African hubs. We 
have done a lot, but a lot more can be done. Our role 
as AfriLabs is to position innovation hubs as catalysts 
for community development, national cohesion and 
ultimately continental economic prosperity. 
Having said that, in our experience there are some 
characteristics that hold firm across all successful 
innovation 
ecosystems 
despite 
our 
diversity. 
Successful innovation hubs: 
•	
Are started and managed by members of the 
innovation community that use them 
•	
Serve immediate and future needs of their 
communities by balancing reactionary tactics 
with anticipatory ones.
12Ali Mufuruki - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OjgJ2KpyJ5w
•	
Have founders that have a track record of 
innovation 
•	
Have women in positions of leadership 
•	
Invest time in developing relationships with 
public and private sector, academia and civil 
society
•	
Have a physical presence in their city/town for 
a convenings and work space or have regular 
access to a physical space for collaboration and 
community building activities
•	
Embrace an open, collaborative, and inclusive 
approach to innovation 
•	
Adopt 
a 
hybrid 
approach 
by 
fostering 
communities as well as offering innovation 
services or solutions and teaching innovation 
and entrepreneurship skills.
•	
Have clarity on intended impact that matters 
for their community and regularly measure and 
evaluate the impact of their work
•	
Invest in building communities more than just 
delivery of programs
•	
Have diverse and qualified team members to 
ensure proper running of entrepreneurship 
programs, finances, hub operations, technology 
development etc 
•	
Have strong mentor networks with diverse skill 
sets and sector experience relevant to their 
communities
Over the next few years, we look forward to 
unpacking 
these 
further, 
understanding 
and 
documenting the intricacies of Africa’s diverse 
innovation 
communities 
and 
supporting their 
advancement. We will amplify both measurable 
and non-measurable impact that our community of 
hubs continue to have across the continent: growth 
of startups, amount of funding attracted, jobs 
created, lives impacted by businesses, connections 
facilitated, underserved demographics supported, 
digitalisation of communities and sectors, policies 
and regulation impacted, impact of coaching and 
mentorship and so on.
Building A Thriving Innovation Economy
Our Four 
Strategic 
Pillars
For 2021 - 2031
Overall Goal: A cohesive high impact innovation community across Africa
We believe that a multi-disciplinary and multi-sectoral approach to collaborative open innovation and 
entrepreneurship is essential to achieving a knowledge economy and sustainable socio-economic 
development across Africa. 
Increasing opportunities for networking and collaboration across different innovation actors in Africa will 
ensure cross pollination of ideas and building of trust across the ecosystem and ultimately building of 
relevant infrastructure of support for innovators.
High Impact 
Sustainable Growth 
For Members
Institutional 
Development 
for Long Term 
Sustainability
Policy and Practice 
Advocacy
Research, Evidence 
and Learning
one
four
Two
strategic 
pillars 
three
Building A Thriving Innovation Economy
Strategic Pillar 1: High Impact Sustainable Growth For Members
Grow the number of sustainable innovation and entrepreneurial excellence centres and networks 
in every region of Africa and in African Diaspora target communities. 
We believe that innovation can happen anywhere. From rural towns to major cities, from high 
schools to universities. More hubs are needed to cater to the ever growing needs and numbers 
of innovators across the continent.
Recruit more hubs into our network. 
There are close to 1000 hubs across Africa, many of which can benefit from the ever growing 
list of resources we offer in our network. We will amplify our offering and intentionally seek out 
hubs across the continent to join our community. Hubs will have a clear understanding of the 
requirements to be an AfriLabs member and will have access to resources to help them achieve 
this should they so wish.
Develop and deploy more inclusive, more valuable membership models. 
We understand that hubs have different capacities to engage and contribute financially and we 
want our membership packages to reflect this. As we encourage our members to contextualise 
their interventions, we too will ensure that our interventions are more inclusive and tailor made 
to the capacity and needs of our members. By making our membership more inclusive we will 
support more hubs to achieve their goals and build more trust and collaboration amongst our 
members.
Develop, grow and support national hub networks
National Hub Networks are critical for growth of national and subnational innovation ecosystems. 
Through these national networks we will:
•	
support the launch of new hubs
•	
support the contextualisation of the work that local hubs do to support their communities
•	
build partnerships with national and subnational public and private sectors to support 
curation of relevant data that all parties need to develop and validate national innovation 
agendas.
•	
deepen collaborations with national organisations such as the Association of Startup and 
SME Enablers of Kenya, Innovation Support Network in Nigeria and Ghana Hub Network 
with whom we have existing Memorandums of Understanding.
•	
develop formal relationships with other existing hub networks.
•	
support hubs to create national hub networks in their countries.
•	
support national networks in implementing their projects and programs
Over the next ten years we will:
Building A Thriving Innovation Economy
We will focus on developing a network of investors, corporates, development agencies, 
media and academia interested in Pan African impact.
We want to form a coalition of the willing who will work with us over the next 10 years, leveraging 
our individual and collective strength to build launching pads, safety nets and long term support 
and partnership for our members and the communities they serve. This coalition will also keep 
us honest in our plan to support innovation communities.
We will grow our portfolio of signature AfriLabs programs
Through our programs, we will ensure that we provide much needed knowledge and skill 
building and transfer, and access to funds within the network. We have begun piloting programs 
like our AfriLabs Capacity Building program, which develops and delivers a critical innovation 
curriculum to our hubs and Catalytic Africa which aims to strengthen African startups, African 
hubs and angel investors while delivering impact results to institutional funders. We look forward 
to scaling these programs and building more programs geared towards ensuring our members 
are always able to support the growing needs of their communities.
We will co-create sustainable impact programmes with partners. 
We will co-create programs with partners which will offer long and short term learning, working 
and funding opportunities for our community. We have begun implementing some of these 
programs, for example the African Union Tech Fellowship Programme with GIZ and the African 
Union which identifies and deploys highly competent Africa based tech innovators within the 
African Union headquarters and organs to identify challenges within the systems and propose 
sustainable solutions. We are also working with Mozilla to introduce Lean Data Practice methods 
to our community to support how they collect, use, and secure data all while engaging their data 
subjects. 
Strategic Pillar 2: Policy and Practice Advocacy
Generate innovation policy evidence with the AfriLabs community for their use and for the use 
of the rest of the innovation ecosystem. 
Over the years, AfriLabs has participated in and led policy conversations convened across Africa. 
We have also been and continue to be part of various policy networks. Having worked across the 
Africa innovation and entrepreneurship ecosystem for 10 years, and seen first hand the impact 
of policies on the community we support, we are now well placed to take a leadership role in 
ensuring that policies designed for innovators and entrepreneurs work for them. 
Building A Thriving Innovation Economy
Strategic Pillar 3: Research, Evidence and Learning
Build a unique base of evidence on what works in guiding and encouraging innovation and 
entrepreneurship across Africa. 
AfriLabs and our member hubs have spent the last 10 years understanding a relatively new space 
in Africa - how independent hubs support innovators and entrepreneurs and offer additional 
services to other members of the ecosystem. We have understood first hand the importance of 
reliable, up to date data about the African innovation ecosystem and we have seen what is at 
stake when decisions affecting Africa’s innovators and entrepreneurs are made with little to no 
regard for their actual needs. 
Provide thought leadership on business and innovation policies in Africa. 
AfriLabs is grounded in the practical reality of its member hubs and will influence policy and 
practice, based on evidence and learning from emerging practice made available and accessible 
through our Research, Evidence and Learning pillar.
Be a leading convenor on innovation and entrepreneurship policy issues across Africa.
AfriLabs will bring together the key players in the field of innovation, entrepreneurship, scaling-up, 
policy and research on innovation to nurture the interaction between innovators, entrepreneurs, 
civil society organisations and public and private policy bodies at regional, national, sub-national 
level. We will shape debates, and contribute to advocacy efforts of AfriLabs members.
Ensure adoption, implementation and evaluation of policies
Where policies are designed to support entrepreneurs and innovators, we will work with our hubs, 
national governments, national hub networks, strategic partners to ensure that implementation 
is realised as envisioned and that there are opportunities for public evaluation of these policies 
especially by those who the policies affect. Where policies need review following evaluation of 
their impact, we will work with stakeholders to ensure that such reviews are made.
Hub civic engagement. 
We will develop curriculums on civic engagement and policy design for innovators and 
entrepreneurs. These will be critical for our hubs to better position themselves as policy 
influencers in their communities and contribute meaningfully to their national or local policies.
Over the next ten years we will:
Building A Thriving Innovation Economy
Having understood the needs and opportunities in the African innovation ecosystem we are 
now better equipped to define our measures of success, show the impact of AfriLabs and of our 
member hubs and surface data which is critical for growth of the ecosystem.
Research, evidence and learning are crucial elements of building the unique pathway and niche 
of AfriLabs.
Create robust datasets on our community 
Our community presents an invaluable resource of critical data, which we need to continuously 
harness to ensure that the network’s growth and strategic direction reflects the needs and 
priorities of the members. These datasets will be critical knowledge bases for our implementation 
of all our strategic pillars. This data will also be critical in enabling member hubs to understand 
and connect better with fellow network members. While the data we have continues to support 
our work and that of our hubs, we will ensure that the evidence we are constantly curating is 
relevant for the wider innovation community as well, especially where their work intersects with 
ours. We will ramp up knowledge mobilisation. The process and mechanisms by which we 
capture, share, and generate knowledge and learning across the different AfriLabs’ members 
and beyond will be critical in ensuring that AfriLabs adds up to more than the sum of its parts.
Adopt a learning approach to all our work. 
We will continuously adopt a learning approach to our work, in the belief that relentless enquiry 
and constant reflection are critical to delivering effective programming and transformative 
impact. Our learning architecture embodies this fundamental principle of our way of working, 
and is being woven through all four of our strategic pillars.
Co-create a monitoring, evaluation and learning framework for AfriLabs and our member 
hubs. 
Together with the national networks, our member hubs and partners, we will determine the 
markers of success that will determine the impact of our African and African focused hubs. We 
will design our hub monitoring and evaluation matrix and we will surface, share and amplify 
Africa’s innovation success stories from the grassroots to the major cities and everywhere in 
between. 
Design and build a knowledge portal 
Together with our partners, we will build a knowledge portal that will support and guide the 
work of hubs, innovators, entrepreneurs, donors, investors, governments, and researchers in 
their work across the African continent. We are working to ensure that engagements with the 
African innovation community are well informed and valuable for all involved. We will nurture 
research partnerships to support development of this evidence base to conduct research into 
urgent or important questions on innovation strategies across Africa. Our knowledge portal will 
be open to every African across the continent to contribute to and anyone who contributes to it 
will have access to benefit from it.
Over the next ten years we will:
Building A Thriving Innovation Economy
Tell more stories 
Using our evidence and learnings, we will tell more stories of the African entrepreneurship and 
innovation ecosystem in our words. Our research will enable us to surface critical innovation 
stories from across Africa.
Refine our business processes 
Our community presents an invaluable resource of critical data, which we need to continuously 
We are refining our human resources, operations and internal communications policies, and 
communication processes to reflect our increasingly diverse team and to optimise our systems. 
This will ensure that we are able to engage effectively with members and partners across the 
globe.
Diversify our team 
Over the next few years we will ensure that the diversity of our membership is reflected in our 
team, presence and work across the continent. We currently have team members in Nigeria, 
Kenya, Cameroon and Ghana and look forward to more strategic hires across the African 
continent. As we embrace virtual working, we are ensuring that all our internal systems put our 
people first so that wherever they are located on the continent, they feel connected, feel heard 
and are able to work optimally as part of the AfriLabs secretariat.
Develop and deploy different frameworks for regional and national representation. 
We will explore different ways in which we might have a strong regional or national presence in 
some instances. This may take the form of regional hires or an ambassador program that sees 
hub networks and hubs in all countries where we have a presence contributing more directly to 
AfriLabs work, including advising on collaborative interventions for their communities.
Over the next ten years we will:
Strategic Pillar 4: Institutional Development for Long Term Sustainability
Improve the organisational, technical, and financial capacity of AfriLabs to stimulate innovation 
and entrepreneurship across Africa.
We acknowledge that we can not offer the best to our hub members if we ourselves are not 
operating at our best. We have worked to critically assess our internal processes and increase 
our capacity to deliver and to provide our team members with a pleasant work environment and 
opportunities for professional and personal development.
As a team, we have contributed intently to defining the AfriLabs culture, and clarity on our values 
and purpose has inspired our revamped strategic direction for the next 10 years.
Building A Thriving Innovation Economy
Work towards financial sustainability 
A key tool in realising our vision will be in the creation of long term programs to support the work 
in our different strategic pillars. We look forward to adding to our existing Capacity Building and 
Catalytic Africa programs with key programs and resources to support our policy and research, 
evidence and learning work. We will also diversify income streams by introducing products and 
services that our community and partners need. 
Develop strategic partnerships 
The centre must hold and we look forward to partnering with organisations that align with our 
mission to increase the skills of our team members, improve the processes of our organisation 
and solidify our presence across the continent.
Building A Thriving Innovation Economy
The Risks
We understand that the work we do is not without its risks, which we must respond to through 
mitigation measures if we are to prevent these risks occurring or reduce their impact or severity.
 
Afrilabs shall pursue a strategy of continuous and regular risk assessment of potential risk and 
instituting corrective mitigation measures. In so doing Afrilabs will explore how to achieve an 
explicit and balanced risk profile in the strategic programmes/projects it will undertake, including 
high-risk programming with the potential for transformative impact. Our risk will largely fall 
under financial, community and team categories.
We run the risk of insufficient budgets to realise our strategy. We also run the risk of non-
alignment with potential funding partners. 
To mitigate these risks, we must develop and implement concrete fundraising strategies and 
constantly prioritise development of strategic partnerships. Both of these are articulated in SP413.
The African innovative space is ever changing and interventions must change to reflect current 
situations. There is a risk that AfriLabs and member hubs do not respond to these changes in a 
timely fashion. To mitigate this risk, we must develop and implement a monitoring, evaluation 
and learning strategy that is rooted in continuous feedback from members as articulated in 
SP314.
A shrinking civic space across the continent reduces avenues for legislative and policy advocacy. 
These avenues are critical for AfriLabs in ensuring that the innovation and entrepreneurship 
environment is one in which hubs, innovators and entrepreneurs can thrive. To mitigate this risk 
we must convene other pan
Financial Risks
Community Risks
13Strategic Pillar 4: Institutional Development for Long Term Sustainability
14Strategic Pillar 3: Research, Evidence and Learning
Building A Thriving Innovation Economy
African organisations to develop joint strategies to lobby governments and regional bodies as 
well as learn from each other as articulated in SP215.
We run the risk of lack of continuity if there are leadership changes within the AfriLabs secretariat. 
We will mitigate this risk by ensuring the Afrilabs staff and members understand the key parts of 
the strategic plan, we will implement a leadership development plan and succession planning 
across all leadership levels where good staff members are trusted with more decision making 
power to increase experience, we will hire strategically to ensure we are bring in leaders and we 
document all key decisions and create processes for key operational tasks as articulated in our 
SP416. We will build strong internal easily accessible repositories of all key documents.
Lack of diversity on a team can affect delivery. We run the risk of not having a team and 
operational structure that reflects our continental reach. We will mitigate this through. Strategic 
hiring and commissioning as articulated in SP417.
Team Risks
15Strategic Pillar 2: Policy and Practice Advocacy
16Strategic Pillar 4: Institutional Development for Long Term Sustainability
17Strategic Pillar 4: Institutional Development for Long Term Sustainability
Building A Thriving Innovation Economy
The Africa we want requires efficient service delivery, engaged citizenry, creation and equitable 
distribution of knowledge, purpose driven organisations and more local investment. All these moving 
parts working in harmony foster innovation and AfriLabs has a supportive role to play in ensuring that all 
other ecosystem actors are successful.
AfriLabs has a large leadership role as well and this strategy presents the convergence of our aspirations 
and the opportunities to ensure inclusiveness, access, equity and sustainability across Africa’s innovation 
and entrepreneurship ecosystem. 
Guided by our 10 year strategy we will work towards our vision for a thriving innovation economy driven 
by the power of the AfriLabs community. Our strategy remains live and we will continuously review it to 
ensure we serve our community as we should - in ways that matter to them.
We commit to always be guided by our values: ubuntu, experimentation and curiosity, gender equality, 
Pan Africanism, putting hubs first, integrity, inclusiveness and being impact and community driven.
We stand on the shoulders of African innovators and entrepreneurs who have gone before us and we 
celebrate them in our work and continuously seek their guidance.
We will not walk this journey alone. We will do this 
groundbreaking work with our community and partners.
We invite our community and partners to work with us 
to grow the network of AfriLabs members, build our 
national networks and design relevant programs for Africa’s 
innovation hubs and the communities they support. 
Together we can work towards identifying issues that 
matter to Africa’s entrepreneurs and innovators and create 
the policies that address them.
It will take a collaborative effort to ensure that Africa’s 
entrepreneurs and innovators have access to data that 
enables them to make informed decisions and build scalable 
Conclusion 
-Moetaz Helmy, Board Chair
Building A Thriving Innovation Economy
products. We welcome partners to work with us to tell our collective stories in our words.
Our plan is ambitious, brave, and groundbreaking. It is a journey we can not travel alone. We invite you to 
partner with us in funding the work that we are doing to achieve this plan. Your support will give us the 
freedom and flexibility to execute our plan to the highest standards.
We call on our community to take ownership of AfriLabs, organise nationally and regionally so that the 
roots of AfriLabs are strong across the continent.
© 2022 AfriLabs
Contact us
www.afrilabs.com
secretariat@afrilabs.com