About Us - Who We Are AfriLabs > Who We Are Who We Are AfriLabs is a dynamic innovation-focused organization empowering and building a community around innovation hubs and other stakeholders across various African countries since 2011. These hubs serve as physical co-working spaces and dedicated offices, offering comprehensive training and invaluable support in areas such as business, legalities, and finance to African entrepreneurs, innovators, developers, and young individuals. Through active involvement with these hubs and their communities, we actively contribute to cultivating innovators and entrepreneurs, ultimately driving economic growth and social development throughout Africa. Vision A thriving innovation economy in Africa, driven by the power of our community. Mission To support innovation hubs and their communities to raise high potential entrepreneurs that will stimulate economic growth and social development in Africa. We achieve this through capacity building, financing, networking, policy advocacy, and providing insightful, reliable data Our Values Ubuntu AfriLabs embodies Ubuntu’s essence by uniting innovation enablers across Africa, cultivating a collective spirit that drives the continent’s technological progress. We Experiment And We Are Curious We thrive on pushing boundaries, fostering innovation, and seeking new horizons to empower Africa’s tech and innovation ecosystem We Are Pan African Embracing our rich diversity and united by a common purpose, we proudly stand as Pan-African​ visionaries, committed to fostering innovation, collaboration, and progress across the continent. Our Hubs Come First ‘Our Hubs Come First’ is more than a value – it’s a commitment to nurturing and empowering innovation ecosystems across Africa, placing our vibrant community of hubs at the heart of everything we do. We do the right thing Guided by our unwavering commitment to ethical conduct and social responsibility, AfriLabs diligently ensures that we consistently do the right thing, fostering innovation, inclusivity, and sustainable growth across Africa’s vibrant tech and innovation ecosystem. Everyone is welcome Embracing diversity and inclusivity, we open our doors with the unwavering belief that everyone is welcome to join our vibrant community, where innovation knows no boundaries. We Drive Impact At AfriLabs, we Drive Impact through collaboration, creativity, and community, propelling African innovation economy to reshape the future. We are A Community We are a thriving community of innovation, collaboration, and progress, dedicated to nurturing the boundless potential of Africa’s tech and entrepreneurial ecosystem What We Do Capacity Building Through tailored training programs and knowledge-sharing initiatives, AfriLabs equips entrepreneurs, innovators, and organizations with the essential skills and resources needed to drive sustainable development and growth within the continent’s burgeoning tech and innovation landscape. Research AfriLabs empowers innovation in Africa through research, providing a platform where developmental interventions are powered by relevant insights, contributing to the continent’s transformative growth. We aim to foster collaboration and discovery, driving progress and sustainable development throughout the African innovation ecosystem with insightful data from our vast and diverse community. Programmes & Events AfriLabs offers a dynamic array of interventions & events that serve as a vibrant nexus for innovation across Africa. Through these initiatives, AfriLabs fosters collaborative spaces and knowledge-sharing platforms, propelling startups and tech communities towards accelerated growth and impactful networking. Consulting Services AfriLabs provides specialized and strategic support to startups and entities within Africa’s innovation landscape. Offering targeted assistance in areas like market assessment, enterprise expansion, and practical intelligence, these services empower stakeholders to adeptly navigate and thrive within the dynamic African market context Policy Advocacy AfriLabs is dedicated to fostering a conducive environment for innovation across Africa by engaging with policymakers and stakeholders. Through strategic dialogue and evidence-based recommendations, AfriLabs shapes policies that empower the innovation economy, driving sustainable growth and technological advancement throughout the continent. Meet Our Management Team Leveraging the Power of Africa’s Largest Network of Innovation Hubs at AfriLabs, we pride ourselves on our extensive network of experts, innovators, and thought leaders from across the African continent. Our strength lies in our ability to tap into the collective expertise of our members, partners, and collaborators. With over 500 member hubs spread across 53 African countries, our network represents a diverse range of skills, expertise, and experiences. Our team members bring a wealth of experience and expertise in innovation and entrepreneurship development, research, startups investment, technology, and international development. We have thousands of experts such as project managers, data analysts, researchers, etc. Over the past 15 years, these experts have worked with us to implement hundreds of projects across Africa (53 countries and over 220 cities) and diaspora. These experts serve as critical touchpoints, integrating local context into our projects and initiatives, making them more impactful, scalable, and sustainable. The team is led by the Executive Director who provides strategic leadership, coordination, and support to our network, ensuring that our initiatives and projects align with our mission and goals. Anna Ekeledo Executive Director Ajibola Odukoya Chief Operating Officer Nanko Madu Director of Programmes Zeineb Messaoud Director of Community Jennifer Okeke-Ojiudu Senior Ecosystem Engagement Manager Orhue Imosemi People Management Lead Felista Aku Senior Partnership Manager Saturday Oshiomegbe Internal Audit & Compliance Lead Funmi Adegbesan Head of Finance Ifeatu Okeke Operations and Procurement Manager Abdulmumin .M. Idris Senior Technology Officer