Celebrating from Clicks to Progress with the world’s digital-first youth population - Happy International Youth Day - AfriLabs Celebrating from Clicks to Progress with the world’s digital-first youth population - Happy International Youth Day On this International Youth Day, AfriLabs is proud to amplify the voices of our dedicated team as they reflect on the theme “From Clicks to Progress.” Across Africa and the diaspora, young people are not just embracing the digital age—they’re redefining it. Through their energy, innovation, and commitment, they are turning online engagement into tangible progress that is transforming communities and industries. Our team members share their thoughts on the power of youth and how their work at AfriLabs aligns with this year’s theme, highlighting the pivotal role that digital connections and actions play in shaping a better future. Paul Chioba -Nigeria International Youth Day is a vibrant celebration of the incredible potential and contributions of young people worldwide, recognizing their energy, creativity, and passion in driving positive change. This year’s theme, “From Clicks to Greatness,” captures the essence of our digital age, where our connections form powerful networks of like-minded individuals who inspire us. In the people management team, we focus on enhancing productivity, engagement, and inclusion within digital teams, while cultivating a positive work culture to achieve our organization’s goals through the power of our clicks. Let’s harness our collective energy and creativity to turn our clicks into impactful actions. Youth Day represents a celebration of the energy, innovation, and potential of young people. It’s a day to acknowledge the challenges they face and to empower them to shape a better future.” The theme “From Clicks to Progress” resonates deeply with me because it highlights the journey from digital engagement to real-world impact. In my work and experience, this theme reflects the transition from online interactions like supporting and engaging communities to tangible outcomes, such as fostering collaboration, driving social impact, leadership and building sustainable initiatives that leads to meaningful progress. Miguel Nyamedi - Ivory Coast Miguel Nyamedi - Ivory Coast Youth Day represents a celebration of the energy, innovation, and potential of young people. It’s a day to acknowledge the challenges they face and to empower them to shape a better future.” The theme “From Clicks to Progress” resonates deeply with me because it highlights the journey from digital engagement to real-world impact. In my work and experience, this theme reflects the transition from online interactions like supporting and engaging communities to tangible outcomes, such as fostering collaboration, driving social impact, leadership and building sustainable initiatives that leads to meaningful progress. Ruth M’kala - Zambia To me, Youth Day is a reminder and a moment of reflection on what ‘Clicks’ (decisions and actions) I’m making today that will will ‘Progress” not only my future, but the future of the world. As the saying goes, “Young people are the leaders of tomorrow.” This day prompts me to consider how I’m branding and positioning myself to become the leader that tomorrow both needs and deserves. I have intentionally chosen to align myself with AfriLabs because, who better to partner with in building the Africa we aspire to than a Pan-African organization committed to that very vision? Youth to me is more so a state of mind than a slice in time. It is the disposition to colour outside of the lines, and to stump on puddles even if you’re wearing a suit. I guess it’s about allowing your imagination space to play, and I couldn’t imagine any other way to be. For me, from Click to Progress represents a change of power from the pen to the computer. If books like the Eastern sutras and Plato’s Dialogue defined the first age of knowledge, then the next will be defined by the aggregate of all our daily clicks. So far, I think it’s clicking in the right direction. William Moore -Nigeria William Moore -Nigeria Youth to me is more so a state of mind than a slice in time. It is the disposition to colour outside of the lines, and to stump on puddles even if you’re wearing a suit. I guess it’s about allowing your imagination space to play, and I couldn’t imagine any other way to be. For me, from Click to Progress represents a change of power from the pen to the computer. If books like the Eastern sutras and Plato’s Dialogue defined the first age of knowledge, then the next will be defined by the aggregate of all our daily clicks. So far, I think it’s clicking in the right direction. Kolawole Oladejo - Nigeria As vital contributors to the world’s future, we bear immense significance. The well-being of current and upcoming generations rests upon us. Embracing digital technologies has positively influenced my work, enhancing productivity and effectiveness. The theme deeply resonates with my role at AfriLabs, where we drive innovation across Africa’s tech and innovation ecosystem, impacting millions of youth through programs focused on climate change (such as the “climate adaptation and innovations” that supports startups in expanding their footprint on the continent), the green economy, fellowships, and internships, etc. Our commitment remains steadfast, and I hope this celebration inspires young people to embrace leadership and take ownership across all sectors and regions. Celebrating the international Youth day “from clicks to progress” . Recognizing Our Potential As young people, we’re often dismissed or overlooked. But International Youth Day is a reminder that we have so much to offer. We’re innovative, passionate, and ready to make a difference. On this day celebrates our boundless potential and encourages us to keep striving to make a real impact in our world today. My reflection on the theme, click to progress. Think about it- every time we click “submit’’ or “post”, we’re not making a personal choice, but contributing to the ever- evolving tapestry of human innovation and achievement. From the entrepreneur launching a new business venture to the student exploring educational resources, the power of click is universal, bridging the gap between our ambitions and their realization. Isaac Belombo - Cameroon Isaac Belombo - Cameroon Celebrating the international Youth day “from clicks to progress” . Recognizing Our Potential As young people, we’re often dismissed or overlooked. But International Youth Day is a reminder that we have so much to offer. We’re innovative, passionate, and ready to make a difference. On this day celebrates our boundless potential and encourages us to keep striving to make a real impact in our world today. My reflection on the theme, click to progress. Think about it- every time we click “submit’’ or “post”, we’re not making a personal choice, but contributing to the ever- evolving tapestry of human innovation and achievement. From the entrepreneur launching a new business venture to the student exploring educational resources, the power of click is universal, bridging the gap between our ambitions and their realization. On this International Youth Day, AfriLabs is proud to amplify the voices of our dedicated team as they reflect on the theme “From Clicks to Progress.” Across Africa and the diaspora, young people are not just embracing the digital age—they’re redefining it. Through their energy, innovation, and commitment, they are turning online engagement into tangible progress that is transforming communities and industries. Our team members share their thoughts on the power of youth and how their work at AfriLabs aligns with this year’s theme, highlighting the pivotal role that digital connections and actions play in shaping a better future.