WFP Innovation Challenge drives home-grown food systems transformation in South Sudan - AfriLabs WFP Innovation Challenge drives home-grown food systems transformation in South Sudan J uba, SOUTH SUDAN – Eleven ventures in South Sudan have been awarded a total of USD 320,000 in this year’s WFP IGNITE Food Systems Innovation Challenge and an opportunity to contribute towards transforming the country’s food system. Launched earlier this year, the c hallenge , supported by the Danish International Development Agency (DANIDA) and German Development Bank , KfW is the second edition, following its inaugural event in 2021. W inners receive grant funding ranging from USD 15,000 to USD 40,000, alongside access to expert mentorship, business acceleration, and the chance to establish strategic partnerships. “Building sustainable food systems is the cornerstone of South Sudan’s path to food security, economic sovereignty, and climate resilience,” affirmed Dr. John Ogoto Kanisio , Undersecretary for Agriculture at the Ministry of Agriculture and Food Security. “By investing in young, innovative entrepreneurs, we are not only creating jobs, but we are also unlocking rural potential, driving inclusive agribusiness growth, and cultivating a new generation of leaders who will position South Sudan competitively in regional and global markets. The Ministry is fully committed to this vision, and we call on all partners to join us in empowering youth to lead the transformation of our food systems.” The top two winners are Africa Cornerstone General Trading and Dream Farm Agribusiness Cooperative. Both companies are proudly women-led and have demonstrated remarkable commitment to environmental sustainability. Africa Cornerstone General Trading’s innovation centres on bio-degradable and recyclable packaging solutions designed to reduce food waste and lower carbon emissions. Meanwhile, Dream Farm Agribusiness Cooperative has excelled in recycling poultry manure as organic fertiliser , developing sustainable feed solutions, and employing efficient water-saving housing. “The IGNITE Food Systems Challenge shows the power of homegrown solutions by local entrepreneurs ,” said Dr. Björn Niere, German Head of Cooperation.“ Sustainable food systems need exactly these innovations. They also require strong partnerships, clear standards, and a safe and free environment for ideas to grow. Germany is proud to work with WFP, DANIDA, and local partners to ensure that promising ventures can thrive and have lasting impact on communities.” “ Lack of ac cess to finance and technical support is suffocating innovations of South Sudanese young entrepreneurs, ” said Adham Effendi , WFP’s Acting Country Director in South Sudan. “ Through generous support by DANID A and KFW, we are reach ing bright and talented entrepreneurs to unlock their potential and provide solutions to food systems chal lenges.” Following a rigorous selection process from over 200 entries received nationwide, the winners represent a diverse range of sectors. These include agri-tech , post-harvest management, livestock production, and sustainable food distribution. The full list of winners is as follows; AgriSmart Farm & Urban Gardens, Golden Farm South Sudan Ltd , Hope and Care for Development , Long Puou Cooperative Society, Lulu Bakes , Mading Chan Young Network Economic Development, Magwi College of Agribusiness & Management Science , National Star Investment Co. Ltd and Tropical Wet Organics Ltd . “This is more than just a recognition of entrepreneurial excellence – it’s a turning point for inclusive, homegrown innovation in South Sudan,” said Nanko Madu, Director of Programmes at AfriLabs. “By backing visionary local businesses, we are not only fuelling sustainable economic growth but also proving that transformative change can and must come from within. These entrepreneurs are the architects of a more food-secure, climate-resilient future for South Sudan.” The challenge is a brainchild of the IGNITE Innovation Hub of the United Nations World Food Programme (WFP) and implemented through its partners AfriLabs and Seed Grow South Sudan in collaboration with the Ministry of Agriculture and Food Security . IGNITE Food Systems Challenge seeks to find and promote locally driven solutions to food systems challenges. Past winners include Hagana Agro P rocessing Company, which has since grown into a household brand in South Sudan and competes favourably o n regional markets. About WFP: The United Nations World Food Programme is the world’s largest humanitarian organization, saving lives in emergencies and using food assistance to build a pathway to peace, stability and prosperity for people recovering from conflict, disasters and the impact of climate change. Follow us on Twitter @wfp_SouthSudan About AfriLabs: AfriLabs is the largest network of technology and innovation hubs across Africa, committed to driving inclusive innovation, entrepreneurship, and sustainable development. Through community, capacity building, and collaboration, AfriLabs empowers local hubs to scale impact and shape the continent’s innovation future. Learn more: www.afrilabs.com. For more information, please contact: For WFP – Tomson Phiri, tomson.phiri@wfp.org, +211 928 008 037. Tagged Africa , AfriLabs , innovation , Partnership , wfp